---Beginner---
1) How many employees are there in each country ?
2) How many employees are there in each department ?
3) How many employees are there in each position ?
4) How many employees are joined in each year ?
5) How many employees are joined in each year and month ?
6) Which year had the highest number of employees join ?
7) Which year had the lowest number of employees join ?
8) Get the top 10 highest salaries ?
9) Get the top 10 lowest salaries ?
10) Get the employees count by gender ?
11) Find the employees whose names starts with a ?
12) Find the employees whose names ends with a ?
13) Calculate the total salary spent for each country ?
14) Find Employees with Minimum Salary in Each Department ?
15) List all employees from India who are Managers ?
---Intermediate---
1) Get the highest salary from Country wise ?
2) Get the highest salary from Department wise ?
3) Get the highest salary from Position wise ?
4) Get the 5th highest salary from country wise ?
5) Get the 3rd lowest salary from Department wise ?
6) Get the 7th Highest salary from Country, Department and Position ?
7) Retrieve employees whose salary is above the average salary of all employees ?
8) Show employees who work in the same country but different departments ?
9) Identify the youngest Manager in the dataset?
10) Find the Top 3 Highest-Earning Departments Globally ?
---Advanced---
1) Find Employees with the Age between 25 to 45 ?
2) count the number of employees in different age groups ?
3) Identify employees whose salary is more than 20% higher than the average salary of their gender?
4) Find Employees Older than Their Colleagues ?
5) Find employees earning below the department's average salary ?
6)Find Employees Who Earn Above Their Department’s Average Salary ?
7) Find the employees who have been in the company the longest ?
8) Generate Employee Tenure in Years ?
9) Find the Managerial Gender Diversity Ratio ?
10) Find Yearly New Hires by Role ?
11) Detect the Most Common Role in Each Country ?
12) Calculate the cumulative salary for each employee within their department, ordered by joining date ?


